# Stock Data Comparison Project

Welcome to the Profit Puffin, my algorithmic trading project.
MVP:

1. Continually scan market data.
2. Identify opportunities with 1-5 risk ratio.
3. Deliver trade alerts.

Bunus features: 4. Execute trades. 5. Direct deposit. 6. Customizable trading strategies. 7. Self-correcting trading strategies.

See my Trello board for project plan and status: https://trello.com/b/5bUnBJjr/swing-trader-bot

## Getting Started

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

git clone https://github.com/your-username/stock-data-comparison.git

3. Install the required dependencies:

pip install -r requirements.txt

4. Obtain API keys for Yahoo Finance and Alpha Vantage:

- Sign up for a Yahoo Developer account and create an app to obtain an API key.
- Sign up for an Alpha Vantage account and obtain an API key.

4. Update the `config.py` file with your API keys:
   YAHOO_API_KEY = 'your_yahoo_api_key'
   ALPHA_VANTAGE_API_KEY = 'your_alpha_vantage_api_key'

5. Run the main script to compare data from Yahoo Finance and Alpha Vantage:

python main.py

6. View the comparison results generated by the visualization module.

## Project Structure

The project is organized into the following components:

- main.py: Main script to orchestrate the data comparison process.
- data_retrieval.py: Module for retrieving data from Yahoo Finance and Alpha Vantage APIs.
- data_processing.py: Module for processing and analyzing the retrieved data.
- visualization.py: Module for visualizing the comparison results.
- utils.py: Utility module containing helper functions.
- test.py: Script for testing various components of the project.

## Contributing

Contributions to the project are welcome! If you have any ideas for improvements or new features, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments

Thank you to Yahoo Finance and Alpha Vantage for providing access to their APIs.
Thank you ChatGPT3.5 for being my pair-programming partner and mentor.
Special thanks to the open-source community for their valuable contributions and inspiration.
Contact
For questions or inquiries, you can reach me at https://www.linkedin.com/in/vesperannstas/.
